# License Agreement
##### Version 1.01 (10/22/2018)

This License Agreement (**“Agreement”**) is between you and Octarine Inc. (“Company”) and governs Your right to use any and all website themes and other media content (each a "Theme") generated using Stackbit (the "Website"). By clicking on the “Create Account” button (or any similar button) that is presented to you at the time of sign-up or by using the Website to generate a Theme, you indicate that you agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If You are accepting this Agreement on behalf of Your employer or other organization, You are agreeing to these terms for the entity and You represent and warrant that You have authority to bind such entity (party bound to this Agreement is referred to as “You”).

1. **Definitions**. The capitalized terms shall have the meaning given in the relevant paragraph where such term is defined. In addition, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below.

   **“Client"** means the person or entity whose website you are designing if you are a web designer or a marketing agent.
   
   **“Theme(s)”** means all the website themes generated using the Website to otherwise makes available on the Website, in HTML/JS/CSS electronic source code format together with any related developer documentation.
   
   **“Theme-Based Work(s)”** means any work derived from or is a derivative work of a Theme, as such terms are used under the United States Copyright Act of 1976, as amended.

2.	**License**. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Company hereby grants you a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited license to (i) download, copy, modify, and display the Theme as set forth in Section 3 below, and (ii) create Theme-Based Works for yourself or a Client. All rights not granted herein are expressly reserved by Company.

3.	**Permitted Use**

    You may use the Theme to design your own website or the website of your Client and may make modifications necessary to fit the requirements of you or your Client provided that any Theme-Based Work and the use of any Theme-Based Work by You or the Client remains subject to this Agreement. You will own the Theme-Based Works you create, but Company retains all right, title and interest in and to the Theme. You must retain all copyright notices and the terms of this License as included in the files of the Theme, and all such notices and the License must be included without modification in the files of any Them-Based Work. You and Client must use the Theme and any Theme-Based Work in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations.

4.	**Prohibited Uses**

    You may not, and shall not permit anyone else to, use the Theme or do anything with the Theme that is not expressly permitted by this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the following strictly prohibited uses:

    1. resell, sublicense or other transfer the Theme or your rights to use the Theme as set forth herein or otherwise make the Theme available in a manner that allows a person to access or reproduce the Theme as an electronic file, except in connection with a Theme-Based Work and subject to Section 3 above;

    2. Use, reproduce or display the Theme or Theme-Based Work in any manner that competitive with the Website or our business (e.g. inclusion as part of an online website builder service, or distribution outside the Website such as on a Theme/themes marketplace or a "freebies" website);

    3.	Use, reproduce or display of the Theme in a fashion that we consider as, or under applicable law is considered, pornographic, obscene, immoral, infringing, defamatory or libelous; and

    4.	Use or display of the Theme in an electronic format that enables it to be downloaded or distributed in any file sharing arrangement.

5.	**Ownership**. Subject only to the rights and limited licenses expressly granted to You in this Agreement, Company shall retain and own all right, title and interest, including but not limited to copyright, patent, trade secret and all other intellectual property rights, in and to the Themes. You shall own all right, title and interest, including but not limited to copyright, patent, trade secret and all other intellectual property rights, in and to the Theme-Based Works.

6.	**Fees**. Company reserves the right to establish or modify the fees that will apply to the generation and/or use of Themes by posting such fess on the Website . All Themes generated or made available at the Website shall be subject to fees posted at the time the Theme was generated or obtained. You agree to pay and be responsible for any and all sales taxes, use taxes, value added taxes and duties imposed by any jurisdiction as a result of the license granted to you or of your use of the Theme or Theme--Based Work pursuant to this Agreement.

7.	**Term and Termination**.  This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue indefinitely until it is terminated in accordance with Section 7. Company may terminate this Agreement if You breach the Agreement and such breach remains uncured for 15 days following Your receipt of written notice from Company. You may terminate this Agreement for convenience and without cause at any time upon 30 days prior written notice to Company. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Your and your Clients shall a) cease all use of the Theme(s) and Theme-Based Works b) destroy or delete all copies and archives of the Theme, Theme-Based Works, or accompanying materials, and c) if requested, confirm to Company in writing that you have complied with these requirements. Any provisions of this Agreement which expressly or by implication are intended to survive its termination will survive and continue to bind the parties.

8.	**Warranty and Disclaimer**. THE WEBSITE, ALL CONTENT AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE, AND ALL THEMES ARE OFFERED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, AND COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

9.	**Limitation of Liability**.  Company’s aggregate liability for all claims, losses, liabilities or damages in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter, whether as a result of breach of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, regardless of the theory of liability asserted, is limited to no more than the total amount of fees paid to Company under this Agreement, or $500, whichever is less relevant Statement of Work.  In addition, Company will not be liable in any event for lost profits, consequential, indirect, punitive, exemplary or special damages.  

10.	**General**. This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the State of California, without reference to conflict of laws principles. The United Nations Convention on contracts for the International Sales of Goods shall not apply. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter thereof and supersedes any prior understandings, proposals or agreements concerning the same subject matter.  If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, the remainder of such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding unless in a writing signed representatives of both parties. You may not assign this Agreement without Company’s prior written consent. Any attempted assignment in violation of this shall be null and void. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. Any notice required or permitted to be given by either party under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by commercial courier service, or by first class mail (certified or registered if available), or by telecopy confirmed by first class mail (registered or certified if available), to the other party at its address set forth below, or such new address as may from time-to-time be supplied hereunder by the parties hereto. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one single document between the parties.  Counterparts may be exchanged by facsimile, or attached as a pdf, jpeg, or similar file type to an email.
